[Music]
So, let's see what we're going to see
Dallas' version of this sentence,
okay?  The Dallas version with papers,
with pieces of the sentence on screen
that Miare didn't include in his tweet,
right?  Curious, isn't it?  How can someone
manage to tell so many lies
in a single tweet and on top of that, some crazy people
want to support lies and
have such a high level of mythomania
to know that I can literally disprove you
, which is what I'm
doing right now. It's that I
post a tweet, eh, saying that you've
won when you haven't won, when
the other guy is going to come out and disprove you, those are
things that I don't understand.  Uh, the act
still decides on its own to
lie knowing that there are many people who will
not even watch this video at
all.  Well, for those who don't
know, exactly, that's what they've gone to the
press, well, all that nonsense.  Today
came the decision from the
Provincial Court in which, basically, they
partially acquitted my ex of one
of the many crimes for which he was convicted,
so what does one more crime mean, one
less crime?  But it maintains the rest of the
statements, that is, my dog
has a delivery date and, okay?  If
you look at this section, the ruling is
made on the things we
mentioned, right?  about
her crime, about her crime, about the
father who is accused and so on, okay?
Regarding the rest of the
pronouncements, okay? They stand,
that is, everything that hasn't been
pronounced in this ruling
stands.  I remember a lot of
things from the witnesses, there are a lot of
things that remain.  Know?  This
is here, this is not a
lawyer's writing, as they often say
.  This is the verdict.  Okay,
so Miare's announcement yesterday was
a smokescreen, or is it real or
half-true?  Emoji of Javi
ejaculating on the mini.  Hey, man, don't
post that stuff because I'm not going to
monetize it, you bastards.  It's not even
a truth. There are things that are
half-truths, but then there are things
that are outright lies because they haven't
given him the reason to be able to return to
the family he was always meant to be with
, which is mine.  My dog.  At
no point do they say it's Marlos, that it's
not the same dog.  What's more, in the
sentence itself they refer to him as
the same dog.  In the sentence they tell you
that it is the same dog.  All they
do is revoke, and not for lack of
evidence, as this lady here says.
I'm truly amazed by the level of
lies. I mean, I don't understand how people
can reach
such a high level of mythomania that they lie
about a sentence, saying they're
acquitting you for lack of evidence when in
reality they're acquitting you of one of the
crimes due to a procedural issue.  Now
I will read to you why exactly it is the
procedural issue.  It's a competition and a lot of
nonsense, really.  I mean, I think it's
disrespectful.  These people are
laughing at justice in everyone's face
.  They have been disobeying judges for many years
, insulting judges, doing whatever
the hell they want.  And I don't know,
they'll have some kind of contact in the
audience because it's the second time that
the audience has tried to help them and give them
a hand however they can.  I mean,
which I find totally ridiculous.  But anyway
, the point is that, as you
're reading, the rest of the
statements remain the same.  What does this mean?
She is being acquitted of one of the
crimes for which she is being convicted,
which is embezzlement.  Well, it's
a nonsense that we'll now read here. I
think it's completely disrespectful, and even more so to
acquit any of
these people for the crimes, but
maybe they weren't going to
jail either.  So you're
going to eat the background anyway.
So you'll see exactly what you're
winning here.  Because I don't
know by heart how much each
crime was.  I don't know it by heart.  I think
one of the two offenses was a fine and
not a prison sentence, right?
Someone knows it by heart.  Well, from
memory or you can look it up, but I swear
one of the offenses was a fine and the
other was a prison sentence.  I think
both weren't sentenced to prison, so he'll
keep the fattest one.  That is,
the prison sentence does not change at all.  What they
take away is a fine.  I think that's what they
take away from it, huh?  That is, for her, her
criminal situation is one that hardly
changes.  They're not going to sentence you to eh a
year, but look, he said that the
documents he showed are
old documents.  No, no, no, no.  That's what he said.   He
said that these documents are
old.  No, man, no.  This is the
new sentence, huh?  That's what he said.
How are you going to say that, man?  You're going to
conceive in 9 months.  Oh my goodness, what a
big change, huh?  What an
amazing change.  But she also starts
saying things and also acts like she's victorious and
posts a tweet saying, "Oh,
we're still doing I don't know what, I don't know how many."
What are you following?  You continue to lie and
embarrass others.  Are you still harassing me?   Are you
still keeping my dog ​​stolen
after all these years?  No, it's
clear that in a way they've won
because, at the end of the day, because I wanted to
do things right and for justice, they've
achieved what they deserve.  Man, of course, in
general they have come out on top, have
n't they?  The father let it go, didn't he?  In
general, but of course, what I want to
know is from these people, right?
So, this is either win or lose, Joan.
This is either win or lose, because of course, they
have condemned her anyway.
Winning all these years, but there's already a
deadline.  Not only is there a
delivery date, but there is also another
procedure.  Javi,
what's going on with your brother?  Karime, for the same reason.  There
is no statement on that, it remains the
same.  and which was also unfulfilled.  And
at no point does the audience say anything
about loving them.  In fact, on the
contrary, it says the exact opposite.  I'm
going to read it to you now because it's really
funny.  But instead, post a
tweet to ask it.  Ah, look how good
we won, I'm trembling I don't know
what.  Trembling at what, at the level of
lies you're telling.  Seriously,
the lack of shame is impressive, I
swear.  I received this decision and said,
well, honestly, I don't give a damn because
whether they get a more or lesser
prison sentence, whether the court decides that for
a procedural reason they're going to give a more or lesser
sentence, it doesn't matter to me because at the end
of the day, that's the only thing I've
always wanted from the beginning after getting
my dog ​​back.  Whether these people have
committed crimes, whether they are crimes
that can land them in jail or
not, has always been of no importance to me.
In fact, if they didn't give me back my dog, it
was highly likely that I would go to
jail.  And I don't care if he
goes to jail, I just wanted
my dog ​​back.  So I
stayed with him for a year, so I
stayed with him for years.  I don't
care.  All I want is to be able to see
my dog ​​again damned time
after you stole it from me and on top of that you didn't
even have it yourself, but you had
to foist it on your parents, which
is the worst part of it.  And what many
people don't even understand or comprehend, is
that my dog ​​is not here.  May the dog,
mother of God, be with you.  How long
can a greyhound live?  I mean, because
he's 10, right?  just a low that
you have to be able to have a trophy in your
possession.  Absolutely nothing else.  It's the
only thing my dog ​​is good for.
Well, anyway.  Hey, I'll read you.  It turns out
the audience says we failed.  We
partially estimate.  What does
partially mean?  That is not total.  What is
that partial?  Partial estimate was
flat.  Do you remember?  No, Plana didn't
win the lawsuit, it was a
partial estimate.  They therefore believe that they
simply take away the crime of
taking life.  The truth is that the
sentence, I don't remember if it was two
months, three months, a joke.
Honestly, I think the sentence for taking a
life was a month, I think it was a
month's fine.  Hey, I don't have it
handy.  If someone could look it up for me, I
swear it was months of fines, I
mean, I think it was months of fines.  I do
n't think the sentence was prison.  Eh, I don't care
because it doesn't have any
kind of effect or anything.  Uh, and then
I continue saying, maintaining the rest
of the statements.  What does it mean to
maintain the rest of the statements?
That the crime of disobedience is still
there, and that he still has a
criminal record for this
matter.  But not only that, but
there's another thing that makes me laugh a lot when he
starts talking about how, oh look,
we've won, I don't know what, I don't know
how many.  Do you know that your brother is going to
face trial for
perjury?  As soon as this is over, I don't
know if you're aware of it, but
well, maybe it's only
her that cares and only Kiky cares. They've put
all of Kiky in the subject, it would be
annoying because of this subject
of the story.  Throwing hate and harassment and
insults at me, which is what she's been
doing all this time, making
up that I like animals
for things over 18 and a bunch of crazy things
that this lady is dedicated to doing, which
is really totally crazy, a level of
absolute madness.  And the worst part is the
sick people, who on top of that I applaud their
nonsense when it's literally a
lie. They're not absolving you for
lack of evidence, nor are they
completely absorbing you, they
're not even telling you that you can keep
my dog.  It's not because of a lack of
evidence, I mean, it was because of a lack of evidence that what happened in
Dallas, right?  So they
invented the term acquitted for lack
of evidence, as if that existed, right?
But well, due to lack of evidence, it has
not been possible to prove, of course, that there is no
evidence against a person.
So, my issue was due
to a lack of evidence.  The crime they
removed from him is because he was already convicted of the
other crime.  That is, it is because the
same person cannot be sentenced twice
for the same crime.
If the sentence says so, it says so
here.  Also, wait I don't know why he
says for lack of proof.  If said, it is that
they always invent it.  Look,
Javi, did you see what happened at Westcall?  Yes, I
put it on Twitter.  Look, Javi, even if you don't
believe it, politics is also
involved.  The people who have achieved Miare
and company are mostly
progressive and left-wing people; they have all of
Spain's feminism.  The news is
published first by the media that
interests you.  Yes, you're going to see the
mind in the tribune.  Self-deception is used to
cope with difficult emotions and
painful truths.  I guess since
they know they're running out of time, they do
this.  It's like when they celebrated the
archive, remember?  No no.  That is,
knowing that it was not definitive and that they did not
have the truth on their side, they celebrated
the dismissal.  It's like because they have these
days, I mean, if this lasts for hours or days,
right?  These people are celebrating, they've won, they've
won, and they haven't won, well, they
have those hours, you know what I mean?
Enjoying a support and a, you know?  But
look, it says it perfectly here.  They
were not the ones who said that being acquitted
for lack of evidence was not the same as
being innocent.  Face crying with laughter.
Face crying with laughter.  Face crying with
laughter.  But it is not released due to
lack of evidence.  Look, look.
In our opinion, double condemnation constitutes a nom
in iden.  Okay, so I looked this up
online yesterday and it's about how you can't
play a person twice for
the same reason, okay?  That is, you cannot
condemn, you cannot impose two sanctions
on a person for the same act.  Mik,
another 10. Thank you so much, really.
We have over 300 members tonight,
eh, that's crazy.  So he says,
eh, consequently he proceeds to apply the
most severely punished crime.  That is, of
the two crimes, they choose the one with the
most severe penalties.  That is, there is no
lack of evidence here.  A lack of
proof would be, hey, you're accusing me of
having your dog and it's a lie, I don't
.  Know?  You can't prove it
because there is nothing.  That's not it,
man.  The thing is that her statement is a
lie.  It's a lie.  Because it would be a shame
if, after the obvious, the
obvious and the obvious, the audience still
said, "No, it's not the same dog."  Yes,
yes, it is my dog.  And at no point is there
any mention of you not having to
pay me back.  On the contrary, on the
contrary.  And wait a second.  That?  And it
goes like this, pay attention to this part.  He says, "Well,
and here's what they're doing:
criticizing the previous judge's sentence,
saying, it's appropriate to consider
justifying the elements of the crime of
disobedience, so
the conviction for this crime must be upheld."   That
is, literally, the sentence for the
crime of disobedience is upon you,
and yet everyone can still say that she
is condemned.  It's that I don't understand what it is that this is that I do
n't
understand.  You are sentenced to prison.  you
agree with us because you
literally are.  So what are you
saying?  That you have been acquitted, I am not
literally telling you, I am telling you one thing,
but I still have the other thing.
Anyway, whatever.  Who who knows?  I don't
speak criminal language, so
maybe I don't understand it.  But as we have
already mentioned, the sentence for the crime of
taking life must be addressed from the
sentence for disobedience.  And in
our opinion, in this case there is a
conflict of standards.  Without ignoring the
heterogeneity of the legal asset.
We believe that at no point in
this ruling does it say, "Yes,
no, they are not the same dog. The dog
stays in the same place."  On the contrary, they
only acquit you of a crime, okay?
a crime for which you are being acquitted, they
continue to condemn you for the other one and on
top of that the rest of the
pronouncements are maintained, which implies
once again not only that your brother will
soon be convicted of false
testimony, but that he will also
soon be convicted.  Your other friend,
Emilio, is also going to be convicted for
his testimony, just so you know.  Eh,
whether they condemn them or not,
honestly, it's something I don't give a damn about
.  I swear.  You have no
idea how much I care about your
life.  It's that I don't give a damn on
vast levels.  It's crazy how I couldn't care
less about your life.  Literally if
you talk to me about me you don't get
any attention.  And literally if you don't talk about
me you don't get any attention from me either
.  because
your life completely matters to me.  All I want is
my dog ​​back, and there's a date for that
.  Literally, there is not only a date,
but also this date, which has already been
determined and which, by the way, is a
provisional execution, which is provisional
precisely because the sentence is not
final, and this sentence, by the way, is
not final yet, and of course we
are going to appeal it to his cousin.
Come on, it would be a shame for the Supreme Court and his
cousin.  We're all going to turn to them,
of course we are.  Of course it can't
be any other way.  Um, and the point is
that provisional enforcement occurs
when the judgment is not final, and of
course that judgment is not final either.
So what are you telling me about us
continuing?  It's really funny because it
says we continue, we continue lying.
What do we continue?  Falsifying
court documents.  What do we continue?  Sending me
harassment?  What do we continue?  Having my
dog ​​stolen.  And I didn't follow that.  That is something
we are very clear about.  Because I didn't
put it here.  But basically the issue
of the father is also another procedural issue.   They
put I don't know what about oh, I don't remember
very well, but something about I don't know what, about
intentionality, I don't know how many, but
at no point do they say, "What the father did is
a pain in the ass. What the father did is
a pain in the ass for Dallas, because what the
father did is like, well, there's like, I mean, it
says something like there was a
rule violated or something like that or a code
violated or something like that, but since it's not
specified in the criminal sentence,
since it doesn't specify which
specific document or what intentionality, well there's
an error in the sentence. I mean, it doesn't make
sense, right? It doesn't make sense,
right, says Javi, "Why is Dallas going to
appeal if he supposedly won the return of
the dog?" And why is he going to
appeal? Well for many reasons, well
because not in the first place because he doesn't
agree with the fact that the first one wasn't convicted
in the first place. And secondly
because you want a conviction, you want a
fine or whatever. Of course,
evidently,  Obviously. What
nonsense, isn't it?  Let my dog ​​not be my
dog.  My dog ​​is still my dog,
literally my dog ​​is still my
dog.  And at no point does the
sentence say anything about you not being condemned
to pay me back anywhere.  In
fact, in fact, not only are
you condemned, your father is also condemned, and
also, uh, because of how the 701 of
the law was, too.  That's another
extra part of the matter.  And anyway, I'm really
amazed by this kind of
pathetic and
trashy manipulation.  Honestly, I find it ridiculous,
but I find it even more ridiculous to see
the kind of alliances this woman manages to have
.  It's just that these are
things that really impress me on many levels.  Bu,
we've seen it there in the answers,
right?  From Twi, right?  But it's crazy
how she can see herself as a victim of
gender violence when
she has literally been convicted on two
different occasions.  Well, now three times,
by the way, now three times she has been
sentenced to prison three times.  She has
been convicted three times.  We continue
adding to the record.  Hey, go to the
Supreme Court too and the Supreme Court will
condemn you a fourth time.  This is
complete and utter nonsense.  Um,
and how he dedicates himself to joining beings at the same
time.  The thing is,
I've never understood the Supreme Court thing, man.   I do
n't know how it works because, of course,
the Supreme Court isn't supposed to be an
institution as such.  The thing is, I have
seen rulings that
were one way in the first and second instance,
and then they have changed radically in the
Supreme Court.  So, eh, I don't know how
it works, because you appeal to the Supreme Court and
now first, before deciding whether you
win or not, okay, they have to
admit it or not, okay?  So you appeal,
months go by, and they say, "Okay, we'll
admit it."  Okay, so we admit it,
right?  Um, and if they admit it, well, now
after months, years or
whatever, they'll tell you if you've
won or lost.  That is, first they
accept you or they don't accept you and then you
win or lose.  Mm, of course it has to
have a cassational interest.  This
would be of cassation interest because, of course,
this would be a very important move. The thing is that
this case has a lot of things,
right?  Just like that.  Hey, we're absolving the
father for this measure, we're removing the
civil liability, but you have to return the
dog.  Eh, we condemn Miare for one,
but not for the other.  That they are real
abusers.  Uh, since both she and
her mother, and this is literal, I'm going to
put the screenshots here, okay?,
whose accounts these are, because I don't
want to make them famous, because they are also
accounts that are very sick
with me, but these people are dedicated to
interacting with and supporting a woman who
defends that her husband, who is
sentenced to prison for having abused
a girl from 10 to 14 years old, they
start supporting her.  a lady who is
dedicated to talking about whether you make
false accusations, I don't know.  The guy is in jail.
Well, he's not in
jail anymore.  He's already out of prison, but
come on, 8 years.  Not only, not only for
abusing the girl.  Who are you
talking about?  Well, it talks about Tania's husband
, because Tania is now Antonia's friend
.  They let each other know how the
procedures are going, they support each other, Tania, I
support you, I don't know what, you know?  And what Tania is
defending is that her husband has been
unjustly imprisoned by the
Barcelona Provincial Court, that
her husband has been unjustly
imprisoned.  But apart from that, the husband was
not only sentenced for it, I
mean, it was, if I'm not mistaken, 8 years
for the issue of the minor, who is a
girl from 10 years old to 14, okay?
According to her, I flat is a
very unfair sentence and without evidence, okay?  But
well, 8 years and then they sentenced him
also, I think, for a few years.  I see
Dallas surpassed.  They achieved their
goal.  Look, this is burning hot and you're fed
up, but you don't
take things the way you used to anymore, huh?
I'll tell you that too, okay?  I'm telling you that too.   They
also convicted the guy of
gender violence, okay?  It's like,
"What the [ __ ], I mean, you're all very
pro-feminism, the victims
pointing at this one, pointing at the other and you
support Tania, and there you see the
inconsistency, I mean, because for the only
reason is that not even Tania is
a person that suits them because you
say, well, I'm interested in getting along
with Tania because she has a lot of
contacts, because uh because she has a lot of
numbers. No, no, no, no. She's simply
a person who has a really
bad obsession with Javi Oliveira, okay? And well,
she's another ally of this group and of
those people and on top of that she goes hand in hand
because she's Joan Planas' puppet who
's also their ally, you know? He only
serves as his microphone. Yeah, but do you
understand that it doesn't make sense, it's that not
even you say, well, like for
example these girls from Podemos, right? They kept
quiet about Rejón and now
suddenly everyone knew about Rejón
in Podemos. Well, but it was an
important position in Podemos.
So, if they wanted to stay, they
had a... But you have to take
Tania, support Tania.  I mean,
a person comes to me, even if
he's an enemy of any of them, and he
has that problem on his mind and he moves away, move away
, okay, okay, I have nothing
against you, but move away from here, I'm not
interested in being with you, you understand?
Because he also abused his stepdaughter
from the age of 10 to 14, he abused her,
but he abused her at a higher level, you know what I mean.  I
mean, this is disgusting, man.  or
abortions and everything, the story is tremendous
and they start to hang out with these
people, they hang out with other characters,
a Venezuelan con man who, in addition to
being recently in prison, is an
abuser who killed his ex-girlfriend,
also abuses her current one and dedicates himself to
taking photos of women without them realizing it
to make them morbid, ideally they
are, I mean, if it seems very bad to you and and and
I and you are criticizing some things
about some men, right?  How are you going to
hang out with this guy, the Red guy
who takes photos of his neighbors
without their consent, girls
in the pool, and sends them to
people who have audio recordings of him?  Pick up the [ __ ]
phone yelling at his girlfriend.  No, no, I do
n't understand.  But above all, you
were already part of it, right?  Because you say,
well, maybe Ray
explained it to them privately, well, look, it
was just a specific moment, I was
wrong.  Okay, no, if
all these people are supposed to be super against
Pambi, the big Dallas scam, how are
you going to talk to Ray?  Because R has
fought with Dallas, so Ray is now
on his team.  But if Ret goes hand in hand
with Pambio, or one, let's see, or you're
in Then you don't care about Pambi anymore.
Pambi wasn't the theme of the summer, of the
summer, well, and of half of
last year.  Well then everyone
was against Dallas, right?  With
Pambi, how are they going to have Red on their
team?  And I go back to the same thing as with
Tania, that is, she is not even a person
you are interested in having on your side for
support.  He's not good at arguing.  He's not
a person who expresses himself well, he's not
a person who is liked, he's not a
person with behavior, he's not a
person with numbers, I mean, it's
simply because he's
insulting us, harassing us, right?  Because
now I've also been looking at it,
contacting all the people
I'm interviewing.  He started
putting you and Javier Urra on it, man.  To
Javier Urra, the child's advocate,
because we brought him the other day,
the R started writing to him.  Yesterday he started
writing to Vito Killer because he was
at the Poca with us, I mean, that's
straight up harassment, okay?  So, I
don't understand.  I mean,
that's just why they're your ally, friends
of these people, which is the most absurd thing about the whole
thing.  I mean, these are things that
really impress me, honestly.  And
see how I have a kind of superpower
and it's the superpower of being able to gather
all the evil world in one place.   I
promise you.  It's like it's a superpower
that I should be paid for, I'm
telling you.  But it's like,
you know automatically everyone
who's obsessed and mad
at me, you know they're really either
bullies or criminals or both
or they're abusers or they're jerks.
It's like they all get together
, right?  It's like they're all joining
forces to fight me for
some reason I can't even
fathom.  Well, I don't know,
my opinions bother them a lot or they bother them, what do
I know.  True knowledge.  Um, really, I
'm freaking out with this amount
of lies.  Hey, there's a date to return
my dog.  Uh, the date has
never been revoked.  The sentence
is still not final.  Uh, the date
hasn't been revoked.  That's being fought over now,
okay?  Because everyone is trying their
own thing.  Um, and well, basically that's
another thing that even if I were firm it doesn't
say that you don't have to give me the
dog back, which is the funniest thing about
it.  They're only sucking you up from one of
the two crimes that Javi Dallas,
cryogenized, brought to the
discussion space to stir up trouble between
you and the panelists, but they, on the other hand,
defended you.  You can see it in
Javi Oliveira's bate versus hater discussion
on Guibel Peru.
Cryogenized dal.  Okay, if we have time we'll
see it.  In the end it will have to be resolved.
What will they do?  No, Pablo said they
have to return it this week.  It's not even that
they can buy time.  It doesn't make sense.
Buy time.  Yes, Carmen, because if it's not
one way, it's the other.  So
there are two options here, okay?  For me, mind you, I'm
not going to put my hand in the fire for
anything, because come on, maybe she's going to
give a [ __ ], because
come on, with how the
sentences and results change, I'm
freaking out here with life, okay?  Eh,
to me it makes sense, if this sentence
condemns Miare and it's telling you that they
have the dog and that it's theirs
and that it's his, okay?  The one
they have.  I think they have to return the
dog.  If it's not one way, it's the
other.  So if it's not this week on
the date that's already there, okay?  For a
bureaucratic reason, okay?  The
bureaucratic issue, I mean, they say,
"No, it's that we can't return it to you
because of this sentence, but we
have to return it to you because of the
2017 sentence, okay? If they don't return it this
week, then they'll have to go to the 2017 civil sentence
with this conviction and force her to
execute it, okay? That's
not going to take 2 years, that would be a
matter of weeks, okay? So, hm, they
could gain a few weeks, but
I, come on, I don't believe in any
way that it's impossible, okay? You'll see
how they don't return it. Well, I don't know,
honestly. I would have my doubts. Uh,
what my sources told me is that
they did think about returning it, okay? And I don't
have any bad sources, okay? What they
told me was that yes, let's see, with all the
pain in the world, obviously, despite themselves
, but that they were going to return it,
that they were going to comply with it, okay? What  Come on,
Fley, but that's not a lie, that's not
true. That's not true, Fley,
what turns you on is that the father is
on the loose.  What it says, besides, look, I think he has
taken out the piece,
we'll see later.  What it says is that the father
is acquitted and since he is acquitted, he does
not have the civil charge either.  What's
going on?  That the dog was part of the
civil charge, apart from the costs, the
fine, whatever, okay?  But they
mention code 701 as if to say,
you have some ways to exhaust the delivery
of the dog.  So it wouldn't make sense to
cancel this
week's summons.  If they cancel it, then it's the
other way around, and that's fine too.  But the fact that
the father is acquitted does not negate, as you have
stated there, Fley, it disproves the idea that it is the
same dog, it does not negate it because the
sentence literally says that it is the
same dog.  The sentence says it
's the same dog and that it also has a
different chi number and all that stuff.
So, of course, we're faced with a
supposed sentence that, according to them,
according to Miare, is telling you, "You're
convicted, we're convicting you, you have the
dog, it's the same dog, they caught you
with the dog, but don't give it back, you
know? It doesn't make sense, and you're going to have your
head explode with the
justice system in this country."  So there
are mistakes there, right?  In justice.
They have released you from one of the crimes you have committed
.  Oh my God,
congratulations!  Congratulations.  Instead of
having x months, you have one less month of
sentence.  And what is it?  Which is something to
celebrate or something like that.  I would be
ashamed, really, but
truly ashamed to have been obsessed with
your ex for 10 years.  I would be embarrassed, I'm
telling you, right?  It's just
embarrassing.  And I say, it's so hard for you to
live your own life, it's so hard for you to
give my dog ​​back that
you don't even want him.  It's like if you at least
wanted to, I'm really telling you, if you at
least wanted to, really, really
wanted to, I would say, "Hey, you know
what? I don't like you at all, I hate you, you
've hurt me a lot, but you
know what, um, I have, I have empathy,
unlike you, who has it every month
. I wonder what traits
those are, not having empathy, and I'd even
let you see my dog ​​if you want it that much
. In fact, I could share it with you.
Yeah, I mean, I really would if you
wanted it, which you don't. You only
get it to take pictures, to
make sick YouTubers
take pictures of me, but since the beginning
of time you've foisted it on your
parents. How long did you have my
dog? Two months, three months? How
long exactly did you have my dog
? How long did you have
my dog? By the way, something I'd
like to talk about is that recently, there's been
a lot of paperwork  And I don't
see them all, okay? But I recently
noticed that my
dog ​​was taken to the vet on February 5th.
Obviously they did it with a
strategy to try to further delay the
delivery that didn't work out, but I said,
damn, February 5th.  And then on
February 5th, in a veterinary report
that I have as I left, by the way, it said I
don't know what about the dog.  They are waiting
for the dog to die.  The dog
can die, right?  I mean, I'm seeing
here on the side that the dog
can last 11 years, right?  That the dog
can last about 11 years, huh?  dog
has problems of I don't know what, has
problems of I don't know how many, blah blah, it is
recommended to do a I don't know what, a
how many.  We did a full analysis, blah.
And I say, what are you telling me?  How
long have these people been without going to the vet
?  Seriously, how long has it
been since you took my dog ​​to the vet
that you had to bring the report
just to not give it to me?  They
detected things that should have been
detected long before.  I mean, these
people are not taking proper care of
my dog, they literally aren't.  In
what horrible and dire conditions must they
have it?  I really,
honestly wonder.  I wonder
honestly.  And that you know that when I
can get my dog ​​back, which I
hope will be as soon as possible
because I would already have WhatsApp, I had a lot of
WhatsApp, because again, literally
the sentence at no point says
that it is not the same dog,
literally never, never, sorry, it does not
say that it is not the same dog, it
says that it is the same dog because if my
memory serves me right they confirm the
same proven facts as the first one.   It
never says that it is not the same dog, on the
contrary, all the references are that it
is the dog.  Uh, at no point does
he say that I don't have to be handed over.  He does
not say that at any point in the
sentence.  In fact, he says he maintains
the rest of the statements and the
statement is that they return to him.  Furthermore, it
is not firm, there is still another
recourse.  Well, how justice works
.  Um, but even
if it were, it doesn't say you don't
have to hand it in.  So this
seems totally ridiculous to me.  An
incredible act of buffoonery, the desire to be
victorious here, to see who knows what.
The desire to gain a few likes and
retweets by posting something silly.  I wasn't
even thinking of saying anything about it,
honestly, because it's just
that, it's simply because of the hours in which they're
going to congratulate you and you're going to live
that imaginary victory, right?  Because it's
like, why are you saying you
won a case that you didn't win?   I
mean, which is clear, which is the which
is the thing, right?  With that, right?  If you know
the truth, all I can
think about is getting my dog ​​back.  I
couldn't care less whether you get sentenced more or less.  I'm
telling you, really.  You don't know how much I don't give a
damn.  It's just that I don't care if
something good happens to you or something bad happens to you.
I don't care, really, I swear.  I don't
care.  I care less than
anything about your life.  And well, I wasn't going to
say anything precisely because of that, because he pees
himself exactly the same and but when he
was on live TV and I was thinking,
what did he say?  Because of course, no, I haven't
seen it, it's live.  What do you think about
Electra
completely switching sides, even making a
post almost wishing Dala dead?
Everything is super regrettable.  He said that.  He
said that.  Electra, the extra is already
very strong, isn't it?  If we've
been seeing the extra coming.  I had to give you
a shout because I came across this,
okay?  I mean, I've come across this
before, where I was like, "Haha, God, how do
they care what I do?"  I mean, and she puts
a screenshot of a chat here in which they
're supposedly messing with her, they
're just criticizing her.  It doesn't
say anything too serious, does it?  But the
people themselves, I mean, this is a screenshot that
looks like it's from Twitch or KCK, one of the
two, right?  I mean, but it looks
easy.  You know I'm banned
right now.  Well, it's been months now, in
fact, we're about to end the ban and be
able to fight again, okay?  Well, the
people themselves are telling her and
correcting her that that chat isn't mine,
that it's Gibel's and she knows it and she's
throwing [ __ ], okay?  She correcting
people is like Javi when she knows that
people are correcting her because it's
not mine, that she wouldn't put anything either,
eh, she doesn't put anything either, but and it's to
feel approved and accepted in
Malito's little group.  On top of that, my aunt
expects me to be live to
post it and it's like, my God,
I guess I'm watching a live show there
waiting to see Dallas' reaction.  Let's
see Dallas' reaction.  How sad,
huh?  How sad.  Let's see if we can get
over this, because your boyfriend is going to get
even
more jealous.  Um, that's the question that I'm
saying, "No, it's nonsense, eh, if he
has to hand it over, I mean, nonsense
to try to delay it, what do I know. Um,
but no, I don't see that he's literally
lying and saying that he usually does it because of
lack of evidence."  It's not for lack of
evidence, as you can see, it's a
procedural issue, it's an issue of not condemning
this because
this other thing, I don't know what, is specifically for this, a
nonsense.  This bureaucratic nonsense
that I don't even understand.  Whoever
understands them, please translate them for me because I don't
even understand them, honestly.  Um,
but it's not for lack of evidence, but rather
for some reason that the
requirement of what is being
mentioned is not met.  I mean, this is
incredibly nonsense.  Eh, the documented falsehood was taken away from
the father, who by the way, the
guy literally, and I will say this until
I die at the end of my days, I
have never defamed him, he literally
hit you, my stolen dog, he
literally did it and it is recorded on
video and I will never in my life
apologize for this, nor do I
have to.  No judge in the world
can force me to do so and I will always
maintain it until the end of my
damned general.  He is not condemned to
ask for forgiveness.  I mean, here in Spain there
's no punishment for asking for forgiveness,
as far as I know, so it condemns you to
having to put the ruling on the screen
outside.  Look, for example, in
Joan's case, this also because I didn't
fight it and didn't appeal it, maybe I would
have appealed it, the Supreme Court tells me the
same thing.  Look at Nauter, if I'm not mistaken,
Nauter did have to read it, right?  But,
for example, Nauter didn't have to delete the
video with the YouTube editor, cut out
the insult bit, you know what I mean?  Eh,
for example, I read the one about Planas and that's it,
and I didn't even put it in another
video because I said, "Look, why, eh,
come on, just do this and out."
Nobody cares about people.  No, not that.   You
should have appealed.  Core, but
look, for example, before they were
saying to someone, "Why are you going to
appeal a judgment that you've
won?"  Well, for many reasons, because
you don't agree and you appeal.   You
may have won and you can
appeal it, but of course, in my
case, why would I appeal a
sentence of €0? They sentenced me to €0 for
Joan Plana's victory, right?  And that's why it
costs me more to appeal.  I don't know if they would
charge me 3,000 bucks or
something like that to appeal.  Why am I going to appeal it?  I'm going to
spend more money, it just doesn't make
sense.  I've spent money when I do
n't spend anything on being sentenced to
€0. I spend it on people saying
nonsense that they're going to say the same
until it's over, you know?  Only to
lose it again, right?  Or they do
condemn you to something, I mean, it doesn't make
sense.  These days and you have all
seen that it is one more proof.  Look, the
Planas case, for example, was a
procedural error for him.  The Planas case is a
procedural error.  They do condemn me
because they consider that my insults
were stronger than theirs, but
since he didn't quantify at the moment when he
had to quantify, but
quantified at the end, okay?, well, they
told him that he was a piece of [ __ ], that he was a piece
of [ __ ], you know?  These are issues where
the law works like this.  You have to
follow the law as it is where it is
.  And he didn't do it because,
of course, he would surely expect that I
was going to lose mine too, like Adriá and
the other one.  So, since it wasn't
clear to me, I didn't quantify it because
then the costs were higher.  Now he
has quantified, eh, now in
the lawsuit that he has filed to request the
compensation that they did not give him, he has
quantified, eh, so if he loses
now, eh, the costs are based on
the €80,000 that he has paid, eh, that he has
requested, eh, I mean, you have to be
a bit of a chemist for that, eh, but
well, I don't know, obviously, no matter how much they
try to pretend it isn't and fake a
complaint for insults, which is for
defamation, which you don't see, just
simply for saying insults,
exclusively that.  It's just that he's so
pathetic.  Look how they lie and distort
everything, huh?  That is, from a complaint for
insults, which was really that
nonsense, it can be said that it is for
defamation, that it is all a lie.  No, no,
nothing of the sort.  Look, insults are
insults, they are insults, and I
think they are also considered defamation, if I'm not
mistaken in the definition of the word,
but they sell it as if it were
slander, right?  As if it were
slander.  I insulted and I loved doing it, I
really did, and I don't regret
it at all and it was what
deserved to be done at the time, nothing more
and nothing less.  Now don't
tell me nonsense about me
slandering, I'm not slandering anything.
You have my stolen dog, your family has it
and your father hit the easy.
That's how it is.  And it is a fact and it is recorded on
video.  Well, back to
this issue, which is basically a nonsense of
saying that I don't know what, that it doesn't say
exactly what was falsified in
the previous sentence.  It's nonsense,
really, it's nonsense that it doesn't say
what the point of the I don't know what of the
document is, I don't know how many.  I don't even
remember and the truth is that it really bothers me to
show it, maybe I'll show it to you in another video
, but it's nonsense.  I mean,
it's real.  And furthermore, as I told you
before, the pronouncements are maintained
and again the sentence is not
final and again there is
another one on top of that.  So, in the end, you have to
give me my dog ​​no matter what, which is the
good thing, right?  I mean, that's all I
want at the end of the day, to be able to get
my dog ​​back once and for all.  And that's it, for
all of you sick people who were
laughing and mocking and all this
nonsense, hey, thanks for posting all
those comments, because you've
shown the kind of
sick, crazy, pathetic, and
absolutely despicable trash of characters that you can
be.  You've shown once again
how dedicated you are to Vale, let's
start here.  I'm going to put this, I'm
going to separate it here so that Luares
separates the click here because we're going to
put what Dallas just mentioned
, right?  That is, the people who
automatically, because of Miare's tweet,
without reading it carefully or without hesitating, for
a second, congratulations, started
congratulating her because she has been
convicted.  Okay?  So, basically,
we're going to go over what
I want at the end of the day, to be able to get
my dog ​​back once and for all.  And nothing,
for all of you sick people who
were laughing and mocking and
all this nonsense, eh thanks for
posting all those comments, because you
've shown the kind of
sick, crazy, pathetic, and
absolutely despicable garbage characters you can
be.  Have you proven it?  So,
then we'll continue, okay?  I'll
try later, we'll see about the
dog, the dog's health,
peeing's response and so on, okay?
[Music]